[Docs] Add open issues to change log (#4533)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/change-log/index.md

|ML-2407| Kafka ingestion service on an empty feature set returns an error.      |Ingest a sample of the data manually. This creates the schema for the feature set and then the ingestion service accepts new records.|v1.1.0    |
|ML-2489| Cannot pickle a class inside an mlrun function.                       |Use cloudpickle instead of pickle.|v1.2.0    |
| [2621](https://github.com/mlrun/mlrun/issues/2621)| Running a workflow whose project has `init_git=True`, results in Project error|Run `git config --global --add safe.directory '*'` (can substitute specific directory for *).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |v1.1.0    |

> |ML-3294|Before deleting a Dask project, verify that Dask was fully terminated.|NA|v1.3.0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ML-3294|Dask coredump during project deletion.|Before deleting a Dask project, verify that Dask was fully terminated.||v1.3.0 |
```
